hi sorry I'm late I was um having sex a
lot the blonde chick subdued man
security in this office Park is a joke
last year I came to work with my spud
gun in a duffel bag I set up my desk all
day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at
60 pounds per square inch can you
imagine if I was deranged get so bored
you just stare at your balls look at me
looks are not important really look at
me I am ugly as fuck by traditional
standards but I get with women aren't
you curious as to how that's plausible I
am NOT ugly as fuck I didn't say you
were ugly well you implied it ok ok it
doesn't matter if you're ugly as fuck or
you're ugly as shit Jesus these guys are
fucking everywhere don't you answer your
phone
I've been calling for a half an hour oh
I'm sorry I was putting on my Christmas
tree
dude it's July get the fuck out here it
is yeah boy that escalated quickly I
mean that really got out of hand fast
you jumped up a notch it did didn't it
yeah I stabbed a man in the heart I saw
that brick killed a guy did you throw a
trident yeah there were horses and a man
on fire and I killed a guy with a
trident brick I've been meaning to talk
to you about that you should find
yourself a safe house or a relative
close by lay low for a while because
you're probably wanted for murder I'm
proud of you fellas y'all kept your head
on a swivel and that's what you got to
do when you find yourself in a vicious
cockfight you shitheads I just found it
back a fireworks in the men's restroom
would you guys like to light them off is
that glitter on your
mmm cherry-flavored want a taste
can't believe you came on my mom or you
are very attractive for a banker thank
you I'm not a banker I'm a lawyer
really and what kind of law you involved
in pretty ice sexual harassment mostly
he's a really nice guy you know but I'm
pretty sure that he is a serial murderer
cares man he's a nice guy just like an
don't fucked up to play some cards it's
great look I don't want to end up a
lampshade and some creepy apartment
that's what I'm saying hey these can you
just give us a second we're just kind of
in the middle of something
Hey I'm on my break okay hey fuck off
Aziz leave us alone all right
fuck off fuck you fuck you fuck you fuck
ah ah I'm gonna kick in the nuts asshole
hey hey hey watch the language okay I
have a family what are you talk to me
hey it's a free country Bambi I can
smoke out here if I want to smoke my PO
their breakdance fighting that's
wonderful maybe I can crash here for a
while oh I don't know man I got a
business to run
this is like my office as well as my
home plus the line comes in a couple
days you're getting a lion yeah why to
protect my shit never heard of a dog
dude you can get past a dog nobody fucks
in the line yeah that's true
keep your chin up there's someone out
there for everybody you think absolutely
you know in some cases there's two
somebodies for one person I like to call
that the jackpot to me I would like a
vodka martini please
very dry with olives a lot of olives
like at least Three Olives not cuz
you're not hot I would love to tap that
ass I would tear that ass up I can't let
you in cuz you old as fuck for this club
not you know for the earth what you all
she pregnant and much old pregnant
bitches running around that's crazy
my balls are shaved my pubes are trimmed
I'm ready to fucking rock this shit you
need to stop fucking around with my
friend okay because you're giving him
hope and it's driving the man crazy I
moved I change my email address my phone
number okay back to the stocking well I
didn't know all that so I'm sorry
so you've moved your relationship to the
next level how's it been going oh great
we just been having sex with each other
all the time loads of sex gay crazy sex
man-on-man loving every minute of it
balls and weigh this all the way right
my life's in the shitter it yes it is
but what are you gonna do quit so what
if you made some mistakes everybody does
so would it for dad hate you think
you're the first guy to be hated by his
father-in-law so what if he beat your
ass with a candlestick that's probably
happened before
got the bathroom go to the bathroom I
told you you don't have to ask me so I
thought it'd be fun if we all went
around and sent our name a little
something about ourselves I'll start my
name is rod and I like to party all
right Dave you're up hi my name is Dave
and I like to party no Dave I just said
that I party somebody do something
different for me my name is Dave and I
am the stunt man you know what let's
move on Rico you're up uh hello I'm Rico
and I like to party yeah Rico what did I
just say to Dave who Dave I like to
party I'm rod no you're Kevin right
Kevin I party no no you don't okay
nobody parties but me yes and we party
no yeah just Rob yes and me no I'm the
only one who parties I'm pretty sure
I've partied before no Kevin I know for
a fact you don't party okay you do not
party here right
Dave's the party guy absolutely oh my
god shut up
okay I'm just gonna do it for you Denise
this is the crew Dave's the mechanic
Rico makes the ramps and Kevin is team
manager slash videographer none of them
party right got it
okay let's party